[Example 15] Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces (#423)
ros-controls/ros2_control_demos: doc/index.rst

Example 13: "Multi-robot example (tba.)"

Example 14: "Modular robots with actuators not providing states and with additional sensors"
   The example shows how to implement robot hardware with actuators not providing states and with additional sensors.

> Example 15: "Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces"
>    This example shows how to include multiple robots in namespaced controller manager instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 15: "Using multiple controller managers"
   This example shows how to integrate multiple robots under different controller manager instances.
```

   Example 10: Industrial robot with GPIO interfaces <../example_10/doc/userdoc.rst>
   Example 12: Controller chaining <../example_12/doc/userdoc.rst>
   Example 14: Modular robots with actuators not providing states <../example_14/doc/userdoc.rst>

>    Example 15: Using multiple controller managers under different namespaces <../example_15/doc/userdoc.rst>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example 15: Using multiple controller managers <../example_15/doc/userdoc.rst>
```
